doc: Add basic service documentation (#36)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/Query-Service.md

# Query Service

### Responsibilites

> The query service is reponsible for querying data from several dabtabases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query service is responsible for querying data from several databases.
```

### Communication

Communication to query service is done through [gRPC][grpc] based on two [endpoints][endpoints] of querying for data by `SCHEMA_ID` or multiple `OBJECT_ID`s. Query service communicates with multiple databases such as postgresql, druid, sled. Query service also communicates with [schema registry][schema-registry]. 

### Configuration

> To configure query service, set environmet variables for `INPUT_PORT`, `DS_QUERY_URL` or `POSTGRES_QUERY_URL` to configure the corressponding database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the query service, set environment variables for `INPUT_PORT`, `DS_QUERY_URL` or `POSTGRES_QUERY_URL` to configure the corresponding database.
```

> To configure the query service, set environment variables for `INPUT_PORT`, `DS_QUERY_URL` or `POSTGRES_QUERY_URL` to configure the corresponding database.

Reviewer 2: Same here for postgres
https://github.com/epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer/blob/develop/examples/deploy/docker-compose.yml#L130

Reviewer 3: updated, please re-review

# Query Service

### Technical Description

The query service (`QS` or for example for postgresql its `QSPG`), is responsible for querying data from specific repository. It offers two paths that can be accessed:
First path depends on type of repo

### Communication
Communication to query service is done through [gRPC][grpc] based on two [endpoints][endpoints] of querying for data by `SCHEMA_ID` or multiple `OBJECT_ID`s. Query service communicates with multiple databases such as postgresql, druid, sled. Query service also communicates with [schema registry][schema-registry]. 

Interacts with:
- Druid
- Postgresql
- VictoriaMetrics (accidentaly also Prometheus)
- Sled
- Troika
- .. any similar grpc-able repo

Ingest methods:
- GRPC (req-response)

Egest methods (supported repositores):
- GRPC

### Configuration

`
INPUT_PORT
RUST_LOG
POSTGRES_USERNAME
POSTGRES_PASSWORD
POSTGRES_HOST
POSTGRES_PORT

> POSTGRES_DBNAME

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
POSTGRES_DBNAME
POSTGRES_SCHEMA
```
